Yeah yeah yeah
Thank Hello Aichi mark team competition of it Town Hall class is today mine
Though
But the strongest in the wilderness clothes Well it might be or had
Already quite strong
I would like to introduce my favorite base I like
After all that of say well how strong or
When the still say I strong go first thinking bought does it mean
Of course I think that it will mean that the stars can not be asked.
Say
Is not it after all not are committed in various organization also But to say to say stars, such is taken
Or
Wipe after dragon rush
Well then there is a burr groove
I not there a kind of four after death kelp after he Eema
It is famous, but there is a way of attack, but there is a trouble after there are various attacks
The ne star Well then the stock out about scrutiny in
Other's one anti-fog in some
It is no good to say that the base can only do
It does not make sense if you lose even if doing the base of the Anne choke in the mud dash
So good selfish say was brought what kind of base and Tsu Its not all
I do n't know what all-round is, but for those various sound arrangements a
I think it's great to have an arrangement that won't be taken as a guarantee, but recently
It is actually based on a little popular
It is not another original, but I would like to explain briefly how it is strong
I will
I think a first Jaihi First it's this Well then say is impossible
At first we may think that we will attack from this bottom, but something
I want to avoid this has been messed up, especially when going from the top very well
I think some will go here first of all
The healer is almost impossible to annihilate even if there is aca gold mountain
Had not you chai leap Nde I think not quite be Made up to bring the stick to the
If it is impossible for
Some say that it will become increasingly difficult as cardboard types become more
Then say I intercom Kedomo dragon I species is still the
Strong because this is I quite something you even is the kind of star
This is also but I'm likely to take in and say how strong I
I have to do a sidecut
I and was the base, not me into the middle quite
For example, if you attack from the bottom and say that you did not want to try again next side, this side is already made and conversely
Or did not go in the middle
In the meantime, I have to say that I want to be defeated by this
It is quite difficult as a countermeasure but I think it is a strong person by all means Fog
But I dash of you
a 6
Hard to have people coming attack from the bottom because here it's feeling who looked at this base there is a space
I do not think
So I think everyone can attack from above, but at least from above
I will come to the end in the second half , but I will come to the park after all
I have to see a bomb about a plane, but there is still a trap here at once
It is wiped out even by glider
The glider 's celebration place
In time-out because there is quite less the rest of the soldiers and will die the glider
Possibility that the bullet-ol can be in 1, I want you to Tsu I can not get in the end how because it is this side
It becomes quite high, but of course
It is a line that the star may be taken by the arm of the other party but this is quite strong
I think that it is placed is Jai, but of the same in the previous So No
Eh
The end anymore when you are the city Tahara - perhaps 2 here Well I'd like a Jaihi
is not it
To attack from the sound below it that say this based first of a 5 d Southern teaser
The
You can attack from the bottom with a base that you want to dye
I want to eat, but in fact it is the base that says it is the most difficult to attack
It was a parade with Japan, but the city will be perfect
The star is coming out and it is here to come that I thought that it would be such a way to become popular
It becomes caught reliably whether something formula from
Yeah a yeah this is really strong by the other strongest
5 wipes
Perhaps to say it 's strong Pu way is to go name that
It may be good, but if it is a holiday , there is no Inferno .
Was used Toka berry land No. seminar Well this is a very not be avoided it at the other star
I like a now I'm difficult
It is highly likely that you like this goal and you can prevent it by surprise.
A feeling that you have been there last Well I'm sorry if my head body becomes longer
I think that I want to introduce a single replay obligate to the I am 8 I This is the opponent
It is not very good, but the level is high
Peck level 4 and dragon level max
It has become an organization that
Your opponent is strong
Is the base is Abbesses chan 2 organized I'd want to see is in the video
The other one Pekka also died ne while say there
To Well easy hole Chau tower got into the horizontal for there next to that not whether again
When killed
Tteyuu feel yeah yeah that with your use and to I come by Wizard
Not pizza
8 I used mah-jong, so after all
That trap is triggered and killed by various sisters who have various sisters and this anti-aircraft gun is also
Dragon 6 while not broken
It is really strong that I have defeated it at once in 34 announcements
In the What whether neta hole only I'd destroy day
It is not even to have Toka hero reblogged this tester also out very well function
a
In this female dance spot where I have defeated, the constant is divided into two and it is here
I received two
You play well different roles in two sets
I think it is really a great arrangement Please try to Man by all means
a
I will put it on the end with this kind of base so as to imitate
I think many people become Emaa reference because this is also a snowfall eyes
a
It's been a little longer, so I think I could see and learn the letters too
Baibai Thank you
Hmm
You to say
Ray
th
e 7